um note oh come on puppies puppies
the puppies there's elfin you can shut
the door Emma oh here comes the last one
and they're checking this out come here
and there Eva Oh falling back pushing
back there with my give my body's puppy
puppies let's see do we owe somebody
making the tail that's the one
wow you got my camera okay let me see if
i can find theirs either Jesus play in
and open gimme a common Oh ones fast
there is there's a myself puppy you know
okay fine oh there's ISA fingers on my
lap there's Alan are you going Ricky
there's little alfin and where's Eva
poor little Gavin oh let me see if I can
find there's our little runt
and how can it's probably as I'm going
to turn out the best I told you out but
more spicy he is he's chewing on the rug
okay Oh hurt him his little puppy that
guy's checking out where's Eva I can't
even come in she just fell down push her
up here there she is there's even get me
a puppy that's another one come on
little one come on keep your doing
yeah I think this is alvin again there
we go things over there little skinny
here's a big one okay oh there's Eva not
see you see if we can get red toy come
ready but go get your toy check out
they're good they're looking at it much
ok actually they're all on my lap oh
that's a nice picture I'll look forward
well dig in and tears Eva little guys on
top no toe
because it